Federal prosecutors dropped criminal charges against David B. Pinkerton in connection with a supposed scheme to bribe Azerbaijan officials.It’s official: nothing is sacred. At least two insurers have added the “cancel for work reasons” option to a travel insurance plan.More than a decade after he was sued over accounting fraud, former American International Group Inc Chairman Maurice "Hank" Greenberg on Tuesday took the witness stand to defend himself, repeatedly describing one claim against him as "only a small part" of the insurer's business.The Eagle Insurance Company, which covers about 12,000 high-risk drivers, will no longer handle them for other companies. These customers will be handled by an affiliate of the insurance giant A.I.G., according to the State Department of Banking and Insurance. Earlier this year, some of the state's biggest auto insurance companies, including State Farm and A.I.G., clamored to leave New Jersey, saying they could not operate profitably and lacked the flexibility to cope with changing economic conditions because of heavy regulation. New Jersey auto insurers were forced by the State Legislature to reduce rates by 15 percent in the spring of 1999. In the last several weeks, the regulators have approved increases for several companies, including State Farm and A.I.G. New Jersey already has some of the nation's highest rates for auto insurance.A 91-year-old former chief executive of insurance company AIG seemed eager to defend himself Tuesday against civil fraud charges, insisting he had no reason to attempt to hide several hundred million dollars in losses from the auto warranty wing of a mammoth business operating in 137 countries.U.S. insurer American International Group said on Tuesday it would sell some businesses in Latin America and central and eastern Europe to Canada's Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd for about $240 million in cash.The New York judge weighing whether ex-AIG chief Maurice "Hank" Greenberg should be liable for accounting fraud on Thursday pressed the 91-year-old executive about why AIG had created an offshore entity for losses from a failed automotive warranty program.Preliminary thoughts on the tax bill:The state pressed on for more than a decade with civil fraud claims against a 91-year-old former chief executive of insurance company American International Group Inc. as a warning to other executives that wrongdoing won't go unpunished, a state attorney told a judge on Tuesday during a trial's opening statements.Opening arguments began on Tuesday in the trial of former American International Group Inc chairman Maurice "Hank" Greenberg over accounting fraud at the insurance giant some 16 years ago. To the Editor: A Democratic district leader from Lower Manhattan writes that residents of Battery Park City should not have a permanent memorial for victims of the World Trade Center attack imposed on them (letter, March 19).American International Group Inc said on Monday it would sell its mortgage-guaranty unit to Arch Capital Group Ltd for about $3.4 billion.American International Group Inc said on Monday it would sell its mortgage-guaranty unit to Arch Capital Group Ltd for about $3.4 billion.AIG on Monday said it is selling its stake in United Guaranty to Arch Capital Group in a cash-and-stock deal worth $3.4 billion.American International Group Inc is in early talks to sell Lloyd's of London Ltd's [SOLYD.UL] insurance operations to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.American International Group (AIG) has raised about HK$1.49 billion (144 million pounds) by selling its remaining shares in Chinese insurer PICC Property and Casualty Co Ltd, IFR reported.American International Group (AIG) is seeking to raise about $190 million by selling its remaining shares in China's PICC Property and Casualty Co Ltd, according to a term sheet of the deal seen by IFR on Saturday.SINCE the beginning of 2000, Dr. James L. McCoy has watched his 401(k) account lose half its value. But he hasn't altered his investment strategy. ''I didn't adjust; I just rode it out,'' he said, adding that 90 percent of the account's assets remained in stock mutual funds, most geared toward aggressive growth. Dr. McCoy, 56, said he had planned on early retirement. But unless he recoups his losses, he said wryly, ''I expect to work until I'm 82.''A White House adviser said the Treasury secretary has been told to take all legal measures to block bonuses awarded at the insurance company, which received up to $180 billion in bailout money.At one level, there's not much news in the SIGTARP (YHTMAAAIYP) report on the AIG bailout: officials asked bankers to take a haircut, bankers said Ni!, and that was that. But the report has renewed the debate over whether officials could have extracted something. I say yes.A.I.G.'s conference call this morning is remarkable. The company is making clear that it does not believe the big losses it reported last night are real. It is just a matter of irrational markets.The DP World sale is the final chapter in a contentious deal that some say drove Middle East petrodollars away from the U.S.At a hearing on compensation and spending at A.I.G, one lawmaker criticized the “unbridled greed” of executives.An article in Business Day yesterday about several executives of American International Group who resigned from a private holding company run by A.I.G.'s former chief executive misstated the title of Donald P. Kanak. He is executive vice chairman and chief operating officer of A.I.G., not chief financial officer.Executives insured by AIG UK will be covered for legal and relocation costs should they face the threat of having to move as a result of Britain's vote to leave the European Union, the insurance company said on Thursday.Naataosim Mako fiddled with the edge of the desk and fluffed up her skirt, more than a little embarrassed to talk so barely about her young life. But these were the facts: For her hand in marriage, a friend of her father gave a small fortune of a dowry: 10 cows, 4 goats, more than 200 quarts of home-brewed beer, more than 6 pounds of sugar and a sack of rice.American International Group Inc, the largest commercial insurer in the United States and Canada, reported an operating profit that beat analysts' estimate, driven by lower costs and strong underwriting during the quarter.This is not a good time to be selling insurance to large corporations. Companies are buying less coverage, and the competition for the remaining business -- insurance against everything from factory fires and defective products to wayward executives -- has been cutthroat, driving prices lower. Big insurers like Aetna, and most recently Cigna, have decided to get out of the commercial business altogether and concentrate on fields like health insurance.Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke testified in federal court Thursday that insurance giant American International Group Inc. had to be rescued by the government in 2008 to avert global catastrophe.THE commodities market has long evoked images of the Wild West -- a world dominated by gamblers and speculators, where few ordinary folks dare to tread. Not anymore. Mutual funds that track commodity prices have been one of the fastest-growing investment vehicles for individuals in the last few years.The S.E.C. and the Justice Department are examining how the company valued certain complex derivative transactions.Former top regulator Timothy Geithner defended terms of the U.S. government's bailout of American International Group Inc., saying Wednesday that the insurance giant's exceptionally risky behavior had caused losses that called for strict treatment.Hyperion Capital Management is forming a joint venture with the AIG Investment Corporation to manage mortgage-backed securities internationally. The new partnership, called AIG-Hyperion Investment Management L.P., will be jointly managed by the officers of the two companies. AIG, a unit of American International Group Inc., manages or advises on $15 billion of securities. Hyperion manages $3.5 billion and advises clients, including the Resolution Trust Corporation, on another $6 billion.nullAmerican International Group Inc capitulated in its boardroom fight with activist investor Carl Icahn, nominating both his representative and billionaire John Paulson to its  board, as it unveiled a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss.Insurer American International Group will not see a sudden shift in strategy in coming months as its leadership changes, the company's incoming chief executive said on Tuesday.Insurer American International Group Inc reported a better-than-expected 12.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by strong performance across its major businesses and the sale of its former aircraft leasing unit.The 2008 government bailout of American International Group Inc. was specifically designed to punish the insurance giant, former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said in U.S. court Monday.Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Stock Market:If someone wants to buy insurance against a risk, perhaps the insurance company should assume the risk is real.American International Group and the United Healthcare Corporation said yesterday that they had formed a joint venture that would offer health care services in selected Asian countries. American International Group and United Healthcare will each have a 50 percent stake in the new company, AIG United Healthcare. The joint venture's first health care services organization has been established in Hong Kong and expects to begin enrolling members in the first quarter.Stocks fall back from intraday highs; After hours hit from AIG, miss from Herbalife. Bobbi Rebell reports.American International Group Inc said Peter Hancock would succeed Robert Benmosche as chief executive and president, effective Sept. 1.A U.S. judge has ordered that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke can be questioned in a lawsuit against the government filed by the former head of American International Group Inc.The American International Group is close to a deal to sell two Japanese life insurance units to Prudential Financial for at least $4 billion, people briefed on the matter told DealBook on Tuesday. If completed, the deal for the two units, the AIG Star Life Insurance Company and the AIG Edison Life Insurance Company, would be the latest by A.I.G. to raise money to help pay back its $130 billion taxpayer-financed bailout.A measure of Australian manufacturing activity edged higher in October with production, new orders and stocks all pointing to a mild expansion in conditions, while exports also improved partly due to a weaker local currency.6:47 p.m. | Updated The American International Group is shopping around its rail-car unit, a person briefed on the matter said on Sunday. The move would be part of the insurer's plan to sell noncore businesses to pay down its $130 billion taxpayer-financed bailout. The unit, AIG Rail Services, is based in Chicago and has more than 10,000 rail cars and leases, said the person, who requested anonymity because of the confidential nature of the sales process. Potential buyers could include buyout firms.The Enova Corporation and Pacific Enterprises said yesterday that they had agreed to buy the AIG Trading Corporation, a natural gas and electricity marketer, for $190 million in cash. AIG Trading, based in Greenwich, Conn., is a subsidiary of the American International Group, the New York-based insurance company. Enova, parent of San Diego Gas and Electric, and Pacific Enterprises, parent of the Southern California Gas Company, said they would split the cost of the acquisition. Enova announced in October that it planned to buy Pacific Enterprises.Insurer AIG is selling its broker-dealer segment, starting an initial public offering for its mortgage-insurance division and slashing expenses after coming under pressure from activist investor Carl Icahn.A federal judge has allowed the American International Group to pursue a lawsuit accusing a firm run by its former chief executive, Maurice "Hank" Greenberg, of improperly using the "Starr" name to win business.American International Group Inc. said Monday it has agreed to pay $960 million to settle shareholder claims that the company misled investors.AIG Highstar Capital, a buyout fund that targets infrastructure investments and related companies, has agreed to buy solid-waste disposal company Advanced Disposal in a deal that values the company at $470 million.Timothy Geithner, a key player in the U.S. government's 2008 bailout of American International Group Inc., on Tuesday affirmed in court his belief that the insurer's rescue was needed to avert disaster for the financial system.The American International Group Inc., the country's most profitable insurance company, reported strong gains in all its major businesses yesterday as profits in the second quarter rose 14.4 percent, to $549.7 million, or $1.74 a share. Wall Street had been expecting about $1.64 a share. In the property-insurance business, where intense competition for commercial accounts has led to price cutting that has caused many other companies to pay more in claims than they collect in premiums, American International continued to collect more in premiums than it paid in claims. Pretax profits for property insurance totaled $379.2 million, up 14.1 percent from the comparable period a year earlier.Billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Wednesday urged American International Group Inc to break itself apart, targeting a $78 billion insurer in one of the largest activist campaigns this year.    AIG shares jumped almost 5 percent in heavy trading after the release of the proposal, which Icahn said was supported by hedge fund manager John Paulson.Activist investors Carl Icahn and John Paulson are making American International Group (AIG) more transparent through their representation on its board, the U.S. insurer's president and chief executive Peter Hancock said on Wednesday.Bill Cosby, citing financial pressures, asked a federal judge to dismiss or put on hold a lawsuit in which American International Group Inc seeks to avoid paying for his defense against defamation claims by women who also accused him of sexual abuse.While Asian stock markets have been plummeting and tepid investor demand led the Tiger Management Corporation to cancel plans for an investment fund in emerging economies, the American International Group has raised more than $1 billion for a fund to invest in large infrastructure projects in Asia. With an illustrious history that began in Shanghai in 1919, American International is seen by corporate America as something of a "China hand," and is the most internationally minded of American insurance companies. Its links to China and other Asian countries are more than just historical. American International is a well-established insurer in many Asian markets, including China, where other companies are struggling to enter.Hedge funds are supposed to make money whether markets go up or down. But many of them are now being swept up in the turmoil in the financial world.American International Group's stock took a beating Monday morning after Credit Suisse analyst Thomas Gallagher slashed his earnings forecast for the insurance behemoth. The news sent financial stocks downward on fear that further write-downs will be the norm when banks report third quarter earnings next month.American International Group Inc. said yesterday that earnings rose 16.2 percent in the third quarter as the insurer collected more premiums and pared expenses. The company, the nation's largest commercial property and casualty insurer, earned $630.7 million, or $1.33 a share, in the quarter, compared with $542.5 million, or $1.14 a share, in the quarter a year earlier. In the most recent quarter, the company had a gain of $11.3 million from investment sales, while the 1994 quarter reflected a gain of $10.2 million from investment sales.Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke etched a portrait Friday of his initial reluctance to have the central bank rescue American International Group Inc. in 2008. But he ultimately came to believe the $85 billion bailout loan to the company was needed to avert a shock to the financial system.American International Group Inc., seeking to increase its sales to individuals in the United States and Latin America, said yesterday that it would purchase American Bankers Insurance Group Inc. for $2.2 billion. American Bankers, which in 1996 collected $2.5 billion in premiums and gave shareholders a 16.5 percent return, sells credit-related insurance. Its policies, sold through banks, retailers and other companies, cover loans for set periods in the event a borrower is disabled or dies. More than 8 percent of the 1996 premiums came from extended service contracts on electric appliances, a business AIG has already entered.Activist investor Carl Icahn took another swing at American International Group Inc on Tuesday, saying the only "sensible" option for the insurer was to split up.Insurance company American International Group Inc. has agreed to pay New York state $35 million to settle claims that two former subsidiaries did business without licenses and misled regulators about their operations in the state.American International Group Inc. said Thursday that its profit grew 17 percent in the second quarter as the insurer benefited from higher net premiums, prices and income from investments.The American International Group, the insurance company, said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings rose 14 percent. An $11.8 million gain from investment sales resulted in net income of $724.4 million, or $1.53 a share. A year earlier, a $9.4 million gain from investment sales resulted in net income of $633.8 million, or $1.34.Insurer AIG says one of its top executives will take over as CEO on Sept. 1, replacing Robert Benmosche.The U.S. Federal Reserve has hired a former state insurance commissioner to help it oversee non-bank financial firms that a council of regulators identified for tougher scrutiny last year.Robert Benmosche, the chief executive of American International Group, tells CNBC that taxpayers will make $10 billion to $15 billion from the insurer's bailout.Insurer AIG says one of its top executives will take over as CEO on Sept. 1, replacing Robert Benmosche.The U.S. Federal Reserve has hired a former state insurance commissioner to help it oversee non-bank financial firms that a council of regulators identified for tougher scrutiny last year.Robert Benmosche, the chief executive of American International Group, tells CNBC that taxpayers will make $10 billion to $15 billion from the insurer's bailout.Manchester United will replace the three-letter logo of one American insurer, now emblazoned on players’ shirts, with the three-letter logo of another American insurer.Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Tuesday defended the government's rescue of American International Group Inc in September 2008, saying it was necessary to prevent the country from plunging into a second Great Depression.Australia's services sector contracted for a second month in April, with firms still fretting about the potential of tax increases and big spending cuts at the upcoming government budget, a private survey on Monday showed.UTStarcom has found a buyer for its handset business in AIG Vantage Capital.The American International Group, one of the country's largest insurance companies, said yesterday that its second-quarter net income rose 15.3 percent. Profits increased in all of the company's major lines of business, with gains of more than 20 percent in both life insurance and property and casualty insurance business. There were also gains in its airplane leasing and other financial businesses.The U.S. government was "punitive" in its bailout of American International Group Inc in 2008, a lawyer for the company's former chief executive argued during closing arguments of a trial that may impact how much flexibility regulators will have when they respond to future financial crises.U.S. insurer American International Group Inc is still in talks about selling its aircraft leasing unit to a Chinese consortium after missing a July 31 deadline to close the $4.8 billion deal, sources said.American International Group Inc, under fire from investors to improve its performance, reported a lower-than-expected profit for the third straight quarter as poor returns from hedge funds hurt its investment income.Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Friday that he was hesitant to bail out American International Group in 2008, but he was primarily concerned that the insurer "was on the brink of default" and not about punishing AIG.&#160;One of the more unusual trials to come out of the 2008 financial crisis is set to begin on Monday, when a federal judge will consider whether the U.S. government's rescue of American International Group Inc was, in fact, legal. Activist investor Carl Icahn urged American International Group Inc. to split up into smaller companies Wednesday, saying that the insurance provider is "too big to succeed."A New York state appeals court rejected former American International Group Inc Chairman Maurice "Hank" Greenberg's bid to dismiss a lawsuit accusing him of orchestrating an accounting fraud at the insurer he ran for nearly four decades. American International Group Inc reported lower-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings on Thursday as low interest rates and refinancing expensive debt hurt the insurer's results.Insurer American International Group Inc on Thursday sued New York regulators to force them to back off a threatened costly enforcement proceeding over possible violations of state law by a former unit.American International Group Inc announced its first capital return since its 2008 bailout, through a dividend and share buyback, sending its shares up 6 percent after the bell.New York's attorney general can continue his legal effort to bar two former American International Group Inc. executives from the securities industry and forfeit any improperly gained profits, the state's highest court ruled Thursday.Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc isn't AIG's biggest competitor and AIG handles all its rivals in a very effective way, former AIG Chief Executive Robert Benmosche told Bloomberg TV.Insurer American International Group is ramping up its lobbying team in&#160;Washington, almost six years after it halted such efforts following its rescue by the U.S. government during the financial crisis.Former American International Group Inc Chief Executive Maurice "Hank" Greenberg lost his appeal Wednesday in a lawsuit accusing the Federal Reserve Bank of New York of unlawfully bailing out the insurer at the height of the 2008 financial crisis.American International Group Inc has decided to stop signing new reinsurance contracts with Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc due to competitive reasons, Bloomberg News reported, citing an unidentified person familiar with the decision.U.S. insurer American International Group Inc said it was still in talks with a Chinese consortium regarding the sale of its ILFC aircraft leasing unit for about $4.8 billion (3.1 billion pounds).American International Group Inc failed to persuade a California judge to dismiss a lawsuit by Pacific Investment Management Co that accuses AIG of lying about its subprime mortgage exposure prior to the 2008 financial crisis.An American International Group Inc unit on Thursday asked a federal judge to order a Pennsylvania firm to pay it $1.76 billion in damages for allegedly overcharging for life insurance policies acquired from elderly individuals.American International Group Inc, the largest commercial insurer in the United States and Canada, reported a quarterly operating profit that breezed past analysts' estimates, and boosted its share buyback by up to $5 billion.A New York state judge declined to delay court approval of Bank of America Corp's $8.5 billion settlement with investors in mortgage-backed securities, rejecting a move by American International Group Inc.Warner Brother Pictures has a tentative agreement to co-produce 25 movies with Legendary Pictures, a new production company financed by a consortium of Wall Street investors. Legendary -- whose investors include, among others, AIG Direct Investments, Banc of America Capital Investors and Falcon Investment Advisors -- will put up $500 million, to be invested in a portfolio of films produced over several years. In addition to being a partner on projects produced by Warner Brothers, which is part of Time Warner, Legendary will develop its own movies as part of the venture.A judge's ruling that MetLife Inc is not "too big to fail" opens up an opportunity for insurer American International Group Inc to seek an exemption from the tag, AIG Chief Executive Peter Hancock said on CNBC on Thursday.