AT&T’s partnership with an Iranian company suggests that promises President Hassan Rouhani made long ago of welcoming Western businesses may at last be coming true.Mr. Allen was chief executive and chairman of the communications giant in the 1980s and ’90s as it acquired wireless and computer businesses.The potential union would probably face heavy scrutiny from government regulators.“According to my sources, this thing is going to go for way north of $90 a share,” said Andrew Ross Sorkin, adding pressure on CBS and Viacom to merge.A deal would give the giant TV distributor and internet provider a collection of programming like HBO and movies like “Suicide Squad.”Apple and digital giants have developed potentially lifesaving technology to block texting while driving, but it’s still not being deployed.An article in the Real Estate section on Sunday about Sony's remodeling of the old A.T.& T. building at 550 Madison Avenue referred incorrectly to Made From Scratch, a bakery in the building's arcade. The bakery remains open.The biggest names and numbers behind fashion’s main event, which includes shows in New York, London, Milan and Paris — over the span of a month.Troy Matteson shot an eight-under-par 64 yesterday to share the second-round lead at the AT&T Classic. Matteson and Ryuji Imada (67) were at 10 under on the Greg Norman-designed T.P.C. Sugarloaf in Duluth, Ga. Each player failed to take full advantage of the 18th hole, a par 5 that gave up 20 eagles in the second round.D. J. Brigman (67) was a stroke back, and the first-round leader, Kevin Sutherland (71), followed at eight under. Zach Johnson (66) was seven under along with Camilo Villegas (67) and Craig Kanada (70). Villegas removed his cap and bowed to the gallery after hitting a 5-iron to 6 feet on No. 18 to set up an eagle.Monica Seles, playing her second match in five hours, rallied to beat second-seeded Justin Henin of Belgium, 1-6, 6-2, 6-2, yesterday to advance to the semifinals of the $1.2 million Rogers AT&T Cup in Toronto. Seles, a four-time champion playing her second match of the day because of rainouts on Thursday, beat 10th-seeded Jelena Dokic, 6-3, 7-6 (3) in the third round.Kevin Sutherland shot a seven-under-par 65 in favorable scoring conditions Thursday to take a two-stroke lead after the first round of the AT&T Classic. Japan's Ryuji Imada, a former standout at the University of Georgia, had an eagle on his final hole to join Stephen Marino, Tommy Armour III, Bob May and Craig Kanada at 67 on the Greg Norman-designed T.P.C. Sugarloaf course.Boris Becker, ranked second in the world, stalled John McEnroe's comeback, 3-6, 6-3, 7-5, today in winning the AT&T Challenge tennis tournament and the $150,000 top prize. In the final set, the 19-year-old West German broke McEnroe's serve in the first game. But McEnroe fought back to break Becker in the sixth game and tie the set.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.T Magazine - The Beauty IssueNews about T-Bay Holdings Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.The editor in chief Deborah Needleman hosted Lady Gaga, Zadie Smith, William Eggleston, Kerry James Marshall, Massimo Bottura and more on Wednesday night.<div class="vcard">
<p>Tanya Marie Luhrmann is a professor of anthropology at Stanford University and a contributing opinion writer. Her books include &#8220;Persuasions of the Witch&#8217;s Craft: Ritual Magic in Contemporary England,&#8221; &#8220;The Good Parsi: The Fate of a Colonial Elite in a Postcolonial Society,&#8221;&#160; &#8220;Of Two Minds: The Growing Disorder in American Psychiatry&#8221;&#160; and &#8220;When God Talks Back: Understanding the American Evangelical Relationship with God.&#8221;&#160; She received her Ph.D. the University of Cambridge, and taught at the University of California, San Diego, and then at the University of Chicago before arriving at Stanford. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2003 and received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2007. Her work focuses on the way people experience God and the supernatural in the United States and abroad.&#160; She also studies psychiatric illness.&#160; She is interested in the way that different ways of understanding the mind alter these profound mental experiences.</p>
</div>News about Biologix Hair Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.News about T Bancshares Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.Recent and archived news articles by Michael T. Kaufman   of The New York Times.News about S&T Bancorp Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.A T-cell count measures the number of T cells in the blood. Your doctor may order this test if you have signs of a weak immune system such as due to having HIV/AIDs.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.News about GB & T Bancshares Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.News about S&T Bancorp Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.A B and T cell screen is a laboratory test to determine the amount of T and B cells (lymphocytes) in the blood.Recent and archived news articles by Peter T. Kilborn of The New York Times.News about T-Bay Holdings Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.News about W&T Offshore Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.Troubled by insecurity, the host of a radio show opens his heart to love, and slowly begins to accept himself for who he is.In this series for T, notables from the worlds of fashion, art, design and entertainment sketch their responses to a brief questionnaire.It wasn't exactly Wimbledon, John McEnroe admitted, but the money was a whole lot more - in his case, about $400,000 for winning the final today of an event most players treated as a warm-up for next week's Volvo Grand Prix Masters tournament in New York. ''They don't pay us this kind of money at Wimbledon,'' McEnroe said after routing Guillermo Vilas, 7-5, 6-0, to win the eight-player A.T.& T. Challenge of Champions. In addition to the $200,000 first prize, he earned $40,000 for having won all four of his matches. Also, he was guaranteed a reported $200,000 just for appearing in the round robin.Cookie has a fancy night out and Lucious continues to be the absolute worst.Sex, music and politics are the “Empire” trifecta.Ivan Lendl beat John McEnroe 7-6, 6-3 tonight to advance to the final of the $500,000 A.T.&T. Challenge tennis tournament against Jimmy Connors Saturday.Ron Davis’s documentary is about Snowman, a white gelding and championship show jumper in his time, and Harry deLeyer, who raised him.The decision comes after reports of fires from the replacement phones."Empire” earns a ton of good will whenever the Lyon boys get together.In this film, set in the Maharashtra State of India, a villager sets off on a fraught shopping trip after receiving a few 1,000-rupee notes at a political rally.This documentary, directed by Nicole Lucas Haimes, looks at devotees of these fair fowl on the show circuit.Stefan Koubek, a qualifier from Austria, beat fifth-seeded Sebastien Grosjean of France, 6-1, 6-2, yesterday to win the AT&T Challenge in Duluth, Ga., his first ATP Tour title. Koubek became just the second qualifier to win a tournament this year, joining Rainer Schuttler of Germany, who beat Tim Henman in the Qatar Open in January.Michael Chang prevailed against the world's No. 1 player in a demanding test on clay, beating Andre Agassi, 6-2, 6-7 (6-8), 6-4, today to win the $328,000 AT&T Challenge for the second straight year. "I played a lot of tough matches this week," Chang said, "and beating Andre in the final makes this very sweet."A powerful serve carried Ivan Lendl to a 6-2, 6-3 victory over Jimmy Connors today in the singles final of the $500,000 A.T.&T. Challenge tennis tournament. The top-seeded Lendl had 13 aces and 10 other service winners in the match, which earned him $150,000.Martina Hingis tumbled out of the Rogers AT&T Cup last night in Montreal, falling by 6-4, 6-3 to third-seeded Jelena Dokic of Yugoslavia in a windy quarterfinal match. Hingis, the Swiss star who won the 1999 and 2000 tournaments, was playing in her first event since May, when she had surgery to repair damaged ligaments in her left knee. She also had surgery on her right ankle in October.Second-seeded Jason Stoltenberg overcame windy conditions and sixth-seeded Andrei Pavel of Romania, 6-2, 6-4, yesterday in the semifinals of the AT&T Challenge in Duluth, Ga.Limits on the equity ownership of commercial companies by banks reflects a longstanding principle of separating banking from commerce.The second season of “Mr. Robot” didn’t so much end as slip into darkness.“Empire” once again delivers the combination of personality, politics, pulp and pop that took it to the top.News about T 3 Energy Services Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.News about X T L Biopharmaceuticals Ltd., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.Ralph de la Vega, the vice chairman of AT&T, discusses the company’s announcement that it would stop selling or replacing Galaxy Note 7 smartphones because of reports of fires.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.Anna Kournikova, coming off quarterfinal and semifinal appearances in her last two events in California, advanced to the second round of the Rogers AT&T Cup last night, beating Japan's Saori Obata, 6-3, 6-1, in humid conditions. Kournikova, fully recovered from a stress fracture in her left foot, double-faulted three times while losing the opening game, but went on to eliminate Obata in 45 minutes.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.The A.T.&T. Pebble Beach National Pro-Am may have concluded for all practical purposes this afternoon. At least it appeared to be over, as Fuzzy Zoeller gained a five-shot lead over Payne Stewart with one round left in the rain-delayed tournament on the windy Pacific Coast. ''Unless something drastic happens tomorrow, Fuzzy can just cruise around there,'' Stewart said. ''When he's in the lead, he's tough to catch. He knows how to win and he's a veteran out here who has won in all conditions.''News about NB&T Financial Group Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.T Magazine - curating the culture of style.News about X T L Biopharmaceuticals Ltd., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.T Magazine -  Summer Entertainment 2015Thomas Haden Church stars as a lonely skid row denizen whose life gains a new dimension after he finds a disheartened child’s diary.The message of this series is that human connection is being erased by forces beyond our ability to view.Seventh-seeded Amélie Mauresmo defeated second-seeded Jennifer Capriati, 6-4, 6-1, in the final of the Rogers AT&T Cup hardcourt event in Montreal yesterday. It was Mauresmo's eighth career WTA Tour title and second this year. ''I just wanted to play a few matches and get my game in order and see how I'm doing against the best players,'' Mauresmo said. ''I guess it went pretty well. The main thing is to be ready for the U.S. Open.''A lighter, faster Serena Williams used a booming serve and crisp returns to beat the former French Open champion Iva Majoli, 7-6 (2), 6-1, in the second round of the Rogers AT&T Cup yesterday in Toronto. Majoli was up a break in the first set but let the advantage slip away. In the second set, Williams built a 3-0 lead with superb returns before pouring in four aces for a 4-0 advantage.Fifth-seeded Sebastien Grosjean of France defeated Jim Courier of Orlando, Fla., by 7-6 (7-3), 6-3 last night to reach the final at the AT&T Challenge in Duluth, Ga.The top-seeded Pete Sampras battled through on wet, soggy clay last night to defeat Davide Sanguinetti of Italy, 6-3, 5-7, 7-5, and advance to the quarterfinals at the AT&T Challenge in Duluth, Ga. The match was interrupted by rain Wednesday night with Sampras leading, 3-2, and delayed yesterday afternoon by showers. When it resumed, Sampras increased his lead to 5-2 with strong serving and consistent, aggressive play, before taking the set at 6-3. Sampras lost the second set, but Sanguinetti, head down between points and struggling, double-faulted twice at 5-5 in the final set to give Sampras his chance.Serena Williams served notice that she is back in Grand Slam form with a 6-1, 6-7 (7), 6-3 victory over top-seeded Jennifer Capriati in the $1.2 million Rogers AT&T Cup final in Toronto. The 19-year-old Williams, who had to pull out of last year's final in Montreal with a foot injury in the third set, recovered from a rain interruption of almost three hours and a tense tie-breaker loss to win her second WTA title this summer.Following in the footsteps of BJORN BORG, a fellow Swede, MATS WILANDER, is attempting a comeback. Wilander, the former No. 1-ranked player, gave up tennis last year after dropping to 157th in the world at the end of 1991. Wilander, 28 years old, was granted a wild card into the main draw of the A.T.&T. Challenge, an ATP Tour event that opens April 26 at the Atlanta Athletic Club. Wilander, who also plans to play World Team Tennis in New Jersey this summer, hasn't played a regular tour event since an unrewarding Wimbledon tuneup at Queen's Club in June 1991. (AP)After winning two major championships and almost $10 million during his career, Payne Stewart has money. Yet, he still loves to win tournaments. And he still loves to play in Pebble Beach, Calif. Shooting an eight-under-par 64 at Poppy Hills yesterday, and taking the lead in a tournament that he has never won, Stewart soared to 11-under par (133) and built a three-stroke lead through two rounds of the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. Stewart was three strokes ahead of Vijay Singh and Frank Lickliter, who were tied for second place at eight under par. David Duval, attempting to win for the 10th time in his last 30 starts, set up an interesting weekend by moving into a tie for fourth place at seven under, after shooting a 65 yesterday at Poppy Hills.Brad Faxon took advantage of some new-found confidence and some soft conditions today, aggressively attacking the Poppy Hills layout for a round of 64 that gave him a 36-hole total of 10-under-par 134 and a one-stroke lead over Tom Watson, Guy Boros and Fuzzy Zoeller in the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. Watson, who somehow managed to shoot 70 in the first round despite three three-putts and a four-putt, rebounded with a spectacular round of 65 at Spyglass today. Close behind is Davis Love 3d, the overnight leader who followed his opening round of 65 with a 71 today at Pebble Beach. Love, who struck the ball solidly but struggled with his putter, stands at eight under par.He strode the fairways as in a scene of old, grinning, waving and carrying his putter like a jeweled scepter. Out of the forests and into the limelight, some dreamlike flashback of what he once was, Arnold Palmer returned to the leader board today. In the first round of the A.T.&T. Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, playing on Spyglass Hill, the most difficult of the three tournament courses, Palmer, 64 years old, was five shots short of shooting his age.The AT&T Corporation said yesterday that it had formed a new unit, AT&T Solutions, to help large companies install and manage computer and communications networks. AT&T Solutions will design, build and manage the products as well as provide consulting services. It will use AT&T's experience in public and private wireless products, networked computing and AT&T Bell Laboratories, the company's research and development arm.This animated film, long on amiability if not complexity, features amusing animal characters learning to collaborate with a shipwrecked Crusoe.AT&T announced yesterday that David W. Dorman, its president, would succeed C. Michael Armstrong as chairman and chief executive beginning next year. Mr. Dorman, an executive with extensive experience in the telecommunications industry, was widely expected to be named to the top job at AT&T, a company that has changed markedly since it spun off its wireless operation and agreed to sell its cable television operations to Comcast.The AT&T Corporation's plan to sell its 86 percent stake in its AT&T Capital unit set off a shock wave through the equipment-leasing industry. AT&T Capital, based in Morristown, N.J., is the second-largest equipment leasing company in the country, with $10.32 billion in assets, trailing the GE Capital Corporation in Stamford, Conn., with $44.64 billion in assets. That means any purchase by a competitor would change the industry dynamics, analysts said.By this winter, none of the four top executives at AT&T will have been at the company for more than two years. That was the most striking aspect of AT&T's announcement yesterday that Betsy J. Bernard, chief of the consumer services operation, would become AT&T's next president. The company also announced that John Polumbo, now senior vice president for business services, would succeed Ms. Bernard, taking the reins of the consumer operation. As company president, Ms. Bernard will oversee the business services operation in addition to her other responsibilities.A brief report in Business Day yesterday about the growth of the AT&T Corporation's outsourcing business, AT&T Solutions, misstated the unit's revenue. It had revenue of about $650 million last year, not $3.1 billion, and expects revenue of about $1 billion this year, not $5 billion.One of golf's more enduring love affairs -- Tom Watson and Pebble Beach Golf Links -- was renewed here today. Playing in the second round of the A.T.&T. Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, across the links he regularly trod as a student at nearby Stanford, Watson rekindled the relationship and restarted his golf game. Watson, 44, shot an airtight round of 67 that was as cool and flawless as the day that embraced the Monterey Peninsula. He didn't bogey a hole, and begins the weekend one stroke behind the leader, Davis Love 3d, who had seven birdies in a round of 66 and stands alone at 135, 9 under par.THE complex breakup of AT&T could become a bit less complicated today when the company plans to complete its spinoff of AT&T Wireless to shareholders. Under the transaction, AT&T shareholders who opted last month not to exchange all of their shares for AT&T Wireless stock will receive about a third of a share in the wireless company for each share they own of AT&T.Top-seeded Jennifer Capriati got a big scare from a Slovak teenager before advancing in the Rogers AT&T Cup yesterday in Toronto. The teenager, Daniela Hantuchova, ranked 54th in the world, had Capriati, ranked third, in trouble for most of their second-round match at the $1.2 million event before Capriati prevailed, 5-7, 7-5, 6-2.Tom Jenkins made a 10-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole yesterday to take a one-shot victory over Kermit Zarley in the AT&T Canada Senior Open in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Jenkins's four-under-par 68 gave him a 14-under-par 274 total and his first victory on the Senior PGA Tour this year. Zarley's closing 66 at St. Charles Country Club equaled the low round of the day.Afro-Peruvian music, which imported older African rhythms into Spanish and Andean song, became popular all over Peru during the 1970's and 80's, when many South American countries were discovering their cultural roots. By the mid-90's it even crept into highbrow American musical culture, via the album ''The Soul of Black Peru,'' an anthology put together by the Luaka Bop label. Susana Baca, one singer featured on that collection, has since gained a small but deep American art-music following through a few American-released Luaka Bop albums that have stripped down her music to its rhythmic-melodic essentials and added guest musicians from the jazz and rock worlds like Marc Ribot and John Medeski. But the career of Eva Ayllon, another singer featured on that record, has not thrived here, and from her performance at Queens Theater in the Park on Tuesday, part of the AT&T Latino Cultural Festival 2000, it was easy to see why. It's not for lack of talent: Ms. Ayllon, who is in her mid-40's and whose career began in the late 70's, is a strong and outrageously good singer. It's that her music has the temper of out-and-out romantic pop, which can be hard for those outside its cultural references to grasp. Still, Ms. Baca makes an ingenious cross between folklore and highbrow art music, two concepts that the American ''world music'' audience well understands.The ugliest scene in this week’s episode is also its most elegantly constructed.Martina Hingis was victorious in her return from ankle surgery yesterday, beating Magui Serna of Spain, 6-4, 6-3, in the second round of the Rogers AT&T Cup in Montreal. The sixth-seeded Hingis, who had an operation to repair ligament damage in her left ankle May 20, made several unforced errors but still got past the No. 53-ranked Serna.Top-seeded Pete Sampras gutted out a 6-7 (2-7), 6-3, 7-6 (7-4) victory over second-seeded Jason Stoltenberg to win the $315,000 AT&T Challenge yesterday in Duluth, Ga. It was just the third title on clay for Sampras, who has 54 career victories.C. Michael Armstrong, the chairman of AT&T, reiterated yesterday that he hoped to decide on a plan to either spin off or sell the company's cable television unit by the end of the year. AT&T Broadband is the No. 1 cable television company in the United States.Second-seeded Jason Stoltenberg, playing in chilly, soggy clay court conditions, defeated his fellow Australian Mark Woodforde by 6-2, 6-3 yesterday, and advanced to the quarterfinals of the $325,000 AT&T Challenge in Duluth, Ga. Sebastien Grosjean of France, seeded fifth, and Magnus Larsson of Sweden, No. 8, also advanced.Jason Stoltenberg of Australia, the forgotten No. 2-seeded player in the AT&T Challenge, breezed to a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Luis Horna in the opening round yesterday at Duluth, Ga. Stoltenberg broke Horna, of Peru, in the first game of each set, then relied on his dominating serve on clay. Stoltenberg lost only 4 of 45 service points and finished off the match in 52 minutes. He is sandwiched in the seedings by two Americans, No. 1 Pete Sampras and No. 3 Jim Courier, who drew most of the attention leading to the $340,000 tournament.The tennis traditionalists told him to clean up his act, shave, practice more, goof off less, cut out the curly fries, go on a diet, stay out of the limelight, hire a coach who wouldn't love him like a son and replace his old habits with work habits. They told him such diligence would help him take logical steps in the direction of the world's No. 1 ranking, a spot currently held by Jim Courier, a player with moderate talent but maximum motivation, a guy who could play Dr. Jekyll to Agassi's Mr. Hyde. Uncharacteristically, Andre Agassi took everybody's advice and turned over a new leaf, turned conventional for 1992. He mimed the Couriers and Changs by practicing four hours daily, ate fresh fruit at every sitting, signed up for a bevy of tournaments, signed on for remedial coaching from Brian Teacher and convinced himself it was time to treat his calling like a business.Andre Agassi hasn't been secretive about the five-month slump that has dumped him from tennis's inner sanctum to 16th in the world. "I'm like a guy who decided to add a few rooms onto his house and started off by blowing the whole thing up," is his description of the damage done to his tennis and self-esteem during a winter of vast discontent.When Mark O'Meara thinks about Pebble Beach, he thinks about winning. Last year, O'Meara won the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am for the fifth time, more than any player in the tournament's history. So when Tiger Woods was looking for a playing partner this week, no wonder he asked to play the first three rounds with O'Meara. ''Actually, it's funny,'' said O'Meara, who will join a foursome that includes Woods and his father, Earl Woods, when first-round play begins on Thursday. ''Tiger said, 'You won five times, how many times do you need to win? I just need to play with you, see what's going on, so I can win.' I know he would like to win this tournament.''Shooting another strong round on the course that has become his personal playground, Mark O'Meara put himself in prime position today to become the first four-time winner of the A.T.& T. Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. O'Meara fired a four-under-par 68 at Pebble Beach Golf Links that gave him a 54-hole total of 11-under-par 205. It was two shots better than Jeff Sluman, who had a 70 at Poppy Hills, and three better than Howard Twitty, who shot a 70 at Poppy Hills; Tom Lehmann, who had a 67 at Pebble Beach; first-round leader Mark Wiebe, who had a 70 at Poppy Hills, and defending champion Paul Azinger and Raymond Floyd, who had scintillating 64's at Pebble Beach.AT&T Broadband, the No. 1 cable television company in the United States, said yesterday that it would increase cable service rates in 2002 by an average of 5.5 percent to offset increased operating costs and the higher fees it pays for programming. AT&T Broadband, a unit of AT&T, said the price increase affected all standard cable customers, and some basic and ''digital value'' customers. Total monthly rates vary by market, said the cable company, which is weighing takeover offers from the Comcast Corporation and others. AT&T Broadband said its programming costs in 2002 will increase by about 15 percent, with sports programming accounting for the largest portion.AT&T said yesterday that its shareholders had swapped about 372.6 million shares of AT&T common stock for 438.2 million shares of the AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock. The shares are worth about $7.8 billion. The exchange brings the company one step closer to completing its plan to separate its wireless telephone arm as an independent company. AT&T plans to announce final results of the exchange on Monday. In October, AT&T said it would split into independent business services, wireless and cable television companies, with tracking shares for its consumer long-distance unit, by 2002. AT&T Wireless will become an independent company by mid-2001. Shares in AT&T Wireless ended down 79 cents, or 4.4 percent, to $17.30. AT&T shares fell 38 cents, to $20.68. Andrew Zipern (NYT)AT&T offered to swap 1.176 AT&T Wireless Group tracking shares for each share of the parent as part of its plan to break up the company. The offer is worth as much as $10 billion. The premium on the AT&T shares is about 7 percent, based on Tuesday's closing prices, the company said. AT&T will accept as many as 427.7 million AT&T common shares in exchange for as many as 503 million of the wireless shares. In October, AT&T announced plans to split into independent business-services, wireless and cable television companies, with tracking shares for its consumer long-distance unit, by 2002. AT&T Wireless will become an independent company by mid-2001.News about John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.Grab some popcorn &#8212; AT&amp;T wants to take you to the movies.