The Costco warehouse store has weathered the recession well, but price cuts have hurt the retailer&#8217;s bottom line.BJ’s fourth-quarter profit was up 5 percent, partly on favorable state income tax audit settlements. The warehouse retailer predicted 2009 earnings within range of estimates.The wholesale club operator reported that net income rose 13 percent in the company’s second quarter.The warehouse retailer reported a bigger-than-expected 15 percent fall in quarterly profit.Direct Action Everywhere released a video of a stealth visit to a “cage-free” egg-producing barn in California that showed dead and injured chickens.Strong sales and increased fee revenue bolstered revenue for the warehouse club operator.New Yorkers shopping at Costco enjoy saving money, just like everyone else. Even if they have to get creative when they get their haul home.Rising sales and membership fees at the warehouse club outweighed higher costs for commodities and declining profit margins.Revenue at Costco, the wholesale club operator, rose 12 percent as the company kept its prices low to enlarge its market share.Ten groups of Costco shoppers reveal what is in their carts.Manhattan's first ever Costco wholesale club opened last month in East Harlem, thus making our island officially a suburb.It almost sounds too good to be true: Getting the savings of shopping at  Costco, without the hassle of getting to the store. Yet Michael Eberstadt says he's for real, and that's just what he offers to Manhattanites on his Web site, MonsterSavings.com.An employee in California claims workers are locked in stores against their will for 15 minutes after they are off duty.A reader offers advice for shopping at Costco.The Costco Wholesale Corporation reported that it earned $609 million in its fiscal fourth quarter as worries about the economy have drawn shoppers to wholesale stores.Costco, the giant discount retailer, is returning to the art market after a six-year hiatus prompted by the sale of two disputed Picasso drawings online.An article in The New York Times on Monday, "Defying Conventional Wisdom to Sell Glasses Online," describes how a start-up e-commerce site, Warby Parker, is trying to change the way people buy prescription glasses.The warehouse club operator said it earned $374 million in its fourth quarter, and its results beat analysts’ estimates.Mall-based chains continue to be hit hardest as consumers focus on necessities, but the warehouse club operator Costco’s results also missed analyst estimates.The warehouse club cited increases in sales of nonessential items and greater store traffic.nullBy selling directly to consumers on Alibaba's platform, the American retailer aims to employ local knowledge to avoid missteps that plagued Walmart in China.Costco said that starting next year it would stop accepting American Express credit cards at its United States stores.It’s a fact of life for credit card reward chasers — almost inevitably, the most generous cards end up scaling back the goodies sooner or later.CHICAGO, Dec. 14 (Reuters) — The Costco Wholesale Corporation posted a better-than-expected 10 percent rise in first-quarter profit Thursday, helped by a big jump in membership fees.nullThe jeweler claims that Costco was offering for sale what were promoted on in-store signs as Tiffany diamond engagement rings.nullThe warehouse club Costco has chosen Citigroup and Visa to run its co-branded credit card starting next year, replacing American Express, which lost the coveted deal last month.Citigroup, which is issuing the new Visa cards for Costco, has logged more than 1.5 million customer service calls on them.Warehouse club retailer Costco Wholesale Corp reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as it benefited from paying lower fees to credit card partner Visa Inc and shoppers spent more on appliances, electronics and hardware.Though December was not as forecast, the overall holiday season was still relatively strong, analysts said.Treating retail workers much better may make everyone (including their employers) much richer.Costco, the retailing Goliath that reshaped suburban shopping by selling gallon tubs of pickle relish and other bulk items at discount, is on the verge of entering the fancy food market. But the plan, which calls for a huge store, has sparked great local concern. Jeff Brotman, chairman of Costco, said last week that his company is close to signing a deal with Armory Place L.L.C., the developer that purchased the state-owned 14th Street Armory, between the Avenue of the Americas and Seventh Avenue, for $15 million in 1998. The developer plans to raze the building and construct a luxury condominium tower with stores and theaters. The Costco supermarket, which would not carry all the products of a typical Costco, would be on two basement floors.The retail giant forecast lackluster sales growth for this year and a steep profit dip for next, in part because costs are climbing sharply as sales are flat.Costco opens on Nov. 12 at East River Plaza, a retail project that has taken nearly 20 years to complete.The warehouse club operator reported a 4 percent increase in revenue, citing the stronger dollar and cuts by consumers in spending on nonessentials.Craig Wilson, vice president of food safety for Costco, shows off a variety of items that customers found in various food products.Marion Salmon Hedges, who was hit in the head by a shopping cart dropped from a walkway four floors above on Sunday as she was buying Halloween candy, has been a volunteer force in Manhattan.The warehouse retailer’s 5 percent rise in fiscal fourth-quarter earnings was driven by a rebound in sales growth, cost cutting and a tighter returns policy for electronics.Maya Widmaier-Picasso, a daughter of Picasso who authenticates works attributed to him, said yesterday in Paris that a $40,000 drawing purchased by a California man through Costco last year was a fake. Ms. Widmaier-Picasso, 70, was asked to view a digital image of the 1970 drawing three days after she pronounced two other Picassos inauthentic that had been offered by the same American dealer who sold the drawing.When bioterrorism concerns and the perennial Halloween hoaxing season coincide, the results can be disconcerting. That was the case last Wednesday, when a man described by a sales clerk as looking foreign bought a large quantity of candy from the Costco Warehouse in Hackensack, N.J., the police said. Suspicious store officials reported the sale to Costco's corporate headquarters just outside Seattle, and sent along a videotape of the customer from the store's security cameras, the police said. Officials there then contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation.Costco, the nation's top warehouse club retailer, posted third-quarter results yesterday that missed Wall Street estimates, and at the same time reduced its fourth-quarter outlook, leading to a $4.2 billion fall in the company's market value. Costco, which sells goods ranging from garments to groceries at 305 locations, said its third-quarter profits rose 14 percent, to $120.3 million, or 26 cents a diluted share, a penny below analysts' expectations.To the Editor: A Dec. 26 news article about superstores in Yonkers paints a grim picture of anticipated traffic disruptions in Westchester, yet doesn't mention that Manhattan residents of Chelsea face a similar danger.As the dispute over the future of superstores in New York City continued to boil at City Hall, one of the biggest of the so-called warehouse stores, Costco, opened its doors in Queens yesterday, selling food and household goods in bulk at low prices. And judging by the crowds, New Yorkers appeared eager to welcome the store, a staple of suburban shopping. Price Costco, a leader in the $45-billion-a-year membership warehouse club industry, owns and operates more than 270 superstores in the United States and abroad under the names Price Club and Costco, and it plans to open another outlet today in Brooklyn. Business owners and individuals must pay an annual fee of $30 or $35, respectively, for the right to use the stores.As big banks keep credit tight and more people have no bank at all, retailers like Costco, Home Depot and Walmart are offering financial products like prepaid cards, loans and even life insurance.Stephanie Smith’s reaction to a strain of E. coli was extreme, but neither the system meant to make meat safe, nor the meat itself, is what consumers have been led to believe.The Oyster Bay Town Board has voted down Costco Wholesale's application for a zoning change in Hicksville, its intended location for a new mega-supermarket. Costco sought to build a 149,000-square-foot store at West John Street and Charlotte Avenue. But residents and several civic associations opposed the project, saying the store would bring too much traffic to an already congested area.NEW Yorkers dedicated to social justice and community activism have been grappling with two great challenges: How can they make the city affordable for the many New Yorkers with little disposable income? How can they stop stores from selling stuff at low prices? They haven't made much progress with the first one, but they've just scored a victory against low prices. Costco, the discount retailer that had been planning to open large supermarkets in Manhattan, announced last week that the plans were off. It had run into fierce opposition at three proposed locations on the West Side.Costco, the national warehouse club, has abandoned its plan to build a large supermarket at West 55th Street and 10th Avenue in Manhattan and has sold the property to a developer, the buyer confirmed yesterday. Neighborhood groups had vigorously opposed the project, saying it would bring in too many cars.Costco Wholesale lured shoppers with low prices in its most recent quarter, gaining market share at a time when consumers pulled back at other retailers.Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Friday:How can the company justify its refusal to set a timeline for getting rid of eggs from battery cages?Costco, the membership warehouse-club chain, was an early leader in offering electric-vehicle charging to its customers, setting an example followed by other retailers, including Best Buy and Walgreen. By 2006, Costco had installed 90 chargers at 64 stores, mostly in California but also some in Arizona, New York and Georgia. Even after General Motors crushed its EV1 battery cars, the Costco chargers stayed in place. Yet just as plug-in cars like the Nissan Leaf and Chevrolet Volt enter the market, Costco is reversing course and pulling its chargers out of the ground, explaining that customers do not use them.For weeks, community groups and elected officials in Clinton say, they have not been adequately informed about Costco's plan to build what would be Manhattan's largest supermarket. Construction of the two-level store along the entire blockfront on the west side of Tenth Avenue between 55th and 56th Streets is scheduled to begin next year.Talk of a large, new Costco store planned for West 23d Street so alarmed community leaders that they began mobilizing against the plan even though it was only a rumor. On Friday, the rumor was confirmed. ''It's true -- we bought the property,'' said Jeff Brotman, the chairman of Costco, referring to the site at 527 West 23d Street between 10th and 11th Avenues. ''We plan what we call a fresh-product concept there, which is basically like a Zabar's, offering fresh meats and produce, but in larger quantities.''Readers object to the treatment of hens in both caged and cage-free facilities.nullSecond-quarter profit dropped 16 percent, hurt in part by costs associated with revamping its consumer electronics return policy.Niranjan Beri, Kabir Beri, Nirmita Mehrotra, Costco, Long Island City, N.Y., September 17, 2000 Beri (behind baby): ''I was shopping with my son and my wife. I am behind the packages. When I go to Costco after two months the cart is full, all stacked up. It's cheaper, and you only have to do it for two or three hours, then you don't have to think of buying detergent, toilet paper or Bounty or Coke or juice. It's done. Of course, I look forward to going there. Everybody likes to go shopping; if this was not the case, the malls would be empty, deserted. I like the big things, the big things. In America everything is big. Specialty stores are O.K. for the guys who do not want to save money. I'm not among them. It's very satisfying.''Costco, the retail megastore that sells bulk goods at discounted prices, has revisited plans to build a supermarket at the former site of the 14th Street Armory. The company announced in December that it had abandoned its blueprints because of rising costs. The proposal to build a 70,000-square-foot supermarket on a busy east-west artery drew howls of protest from neighbors and elected officials. Opponents said the store would attract thousands of vehicles, hurt local businesses and clash with the character of the residential area.Tyson Foods Inc said on Tuesday it is recalling about 132,520 pounds of chicken nuggets due to a possible contamination from plastic.Costco, the membership warehouse known for deeply discounted prices on groceries, also offers deeply discounted wall-to-wall nylon carpeting from brands like DuPont Stainmaster and Anso. Durable nylon is a wise choice for high-traffic areas like family rooms, children's rooms and pool houses. Costco's carpets come with a 12-year warranty. Prices range from $25.83 to $35.55 a square yard for high-quality velvets, Berbers and Saxonys, as well as commercial-grade carpet. The cost includes at-home professional measuring, installation, padding and tax, all from an affiliated company, Custom Decorators, (888) 992-2773. You must be a member of Costco to use the service: www.costco.com. MARIANNE ROHRLICHTo the Editor: Re ''Thinking Big in Aisle 1, Thinking Cheap in Aisle 31'' (Makuhari Mesa Journal, March 16): As a graduate student, I empathize with my Japanese sisters and brothers in their effort to save money by buying in quantity from discount stores like Costco. However, as a health care professional, I cringe.A once-contaminated patch of Hackensack River waterfront has sprouted a Costco discount megastore, thanks to a land-swap and cleanup agreement between the city and a private developer. The megastore attracted a Pep Boys auto shop and a supermarket.A day after his State of the Union address, the president visited a Costco warehouse in Maryland to promote his economic plan and discuss raising the minimum wage.Studies and theories about everything from additives to air-conditioning cloud the bigger-is-better ethos that definitely contributes to America’s weight problem.The retailer said the strong dollar hurt foreign sales, and customers shied away from more expensive items, like jewelry.“They were saying at one point they don’t have the technology” to accept food stamps, one East Harlem resident said of Costco. “The corner bodega takes food stamps, and Costco doesn’t?”The warehouse retailer said its profit would miss Wall Street expectations and that it planned to expand its stock repurchase plan by $1 billion.Drivers searching for cheap gas need not bypass the pumps at Costco if they are not members of the warehouse retailer, according to the state. On Monday, the Clifton, N.J., site was selling regular gas for $1.83 a gallon, less than some nearby stations. Costco, based in Issaquah, Wash., has 11 stores in New Jersey, for which membership costs $45 a year. But state consumer officials said that Costco's membership requirement violated New Jersey laws regarding fuel sales. When the company was so informed by the state two weeks ago, it removed the members-only signs from the pumps in Clifton and Ocean Township, its two gas-selling locations in New Jersey, Costco's vice president for gasoline, Paul Latham, told The Herald News of West Paterson.In this weekend's Your Money column, I ran a little experiment. I'd always wondered how much money I was really saving by shopping at Costco and whether it was worth the two hours it generally takes round trip.Costco said operating results were unexpectedly strong late in the quarter.From diamonds to dog food to Dom Pérignon Champagne, Costco is known as an astute marketer of high and low. Recently, it even ventured into the rarefied world of Picasso, selling a crayon drawing at its Web site for a bargain $39,999.99. The buyer, Louis Knickerbocker, a meat distributor from Newport Beach, Calif., had never fancied himself a big-league collector. But as he was cruising to work in his sport utility vehicle one day, a radio news report about the Costco offering roused him to action.Costco’s net income rose 3 percent in the third-quarter as the warehouse club operator’s sales and membership fees improved.In search of a not-so-perfect place for that oh-so-perfect American culinary delight.The Costco Wholesale Corporation today recalled frozen ground beef patties from 24 states after a New York woman became sick from deadly E. coli bacteria. The United States Department of Agriculture tested Costco beef from the same batch eaten by the woman and found traces of E. coli 0157:H7 bacteria, which is especially dangerous for the elderly, children and people with damaged immune systems.The giant discount retailer returns to the art market after a six-year hiatus prompted by the sale of two disputed Picasso drawings online.The discounter’s profit was up 19% for the year on strong sales of food and other necessities.Martha Stewart’s bone-in applewood-smoked holiday ham is made by Kirkland Signature and sold, either half or whole, at Costco stores.The warehouse-club operator said its quarterly profit rose 7 percent as consumers shopped for bargains in the tough economy.Want to be a Washington insider like Sally Quinn? Buy in bulk.The lawsuit on behalf of 700 female workers claimed that the retailer had systematically discriminated against women seeking jobs as managers.The warehouse club operator warned of lower quarterly profit as customers cut back on large purchases like furniture.The companies said they were able to attract more consumers by offering lower prices on gasoline than competitors.I probably could have written an entire column on the question of whether Costco or Amazon.com's Subscribe & Save program is the more environmentally friendly choice. Instead, I gave it a brief mention in my column this weekend.JOEL R. BERSE said West John Street in Hicksville, near where he lives, already has more than enough traffic without the Costco Warehouse planned for the intersection of West John and Charlotte Avenue. If the Town of Oyster Bay grants a permit for the 149,000-square-foot megasupermarket, he said, the congestion will be unbearable. Mr. Berse is not trying to pretend that West John is some quiet country lane waiting to be despoiled by Costco, a place for epic S.U.V.-stuffing shopping sprees where mustard is sold by the gallon, rice can be bought in 50-pound bags and toilet paper comes in 36-packs. In fact, the properties facing West John are mostly commercial or light industry, with Long Island Rail Road tracks to the south and working-class housing in the blocks to the north.It isn't easy to plop a giant store that sells 36-roll packages of toilet paper into a congested city neighborhood. So Costco, the national wholesale club, thought it had a winner last summer when it came up with a model tailored for the Manhattan market. The company called it Costco Fresh and said it would specialize in food products. At 70,000 square feet, a Costco Fresh store would have been much smaller than a typical 130,000-square-foot warehouse store, but it still would have been several times the size of most supermarkets in the city.After a few too many near-cart collisions, line-cutting incidents and the like, I decided to sound off this weekend in a Marketplace Money commentary about how people should behave themselves when shopping at Costco, Sam's Club, BJ's and other big-box stores.BUYING fine art can be intimidating. Not without reason, buyers expect to encounter arrogant dealers and lofty gallery prices. That has not been a problem, however, at Costco, the warehouse club store better known for appliances, clothing and grocery sections that sell staples like cereal by the case. Since last spring, the company has been selling fine art, including limited-edition lithographs by Pablo Picasso, Marc Chagall and Joan Miró.The Costco Wholesale Corporation expects same-store sales to rise 7 percent to 8 percent in fiscal 2001, said Richard Galanti, the chief financial officer. Adding new operations like gas stations, pharmacies and optical departments will help bolster sales for the company, Mr. Galanti said. Costco's estimate is more optimistic than forecasts for the nation's retail industry. Shares in Costco, which is based in Issaquah, Wash., fell 44 cents to $34.94.Costco, the national warehouse club that is trying to establish a presence in Manhattan, no longer plans to open a supermarket on the site of the 14th Street Armory, company officials said yesterday. The company's plans to build the largest food store in the city on a busy east-west artery had drawn a huge outcry from nearby residents and local politicians, with threats of litigation. Opponents said it would bring thousands of cars to the neighborhood without benefiting local apartment dwellers who lack the storage space to shop in bulk.Comparing a company’s growth in earnings per share, which can be raised by buying back stock, with its net profit growth can paint a more accurate picture of performance over time.Paying workers more can help companies lower turnover and improve productivity.East River Plaza, the long-delayed shopping center that is being built along Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive in East Harlem, will have Manhattan&#8217;s first Target store instead of its first Costco Wholesale Club, one of the developers said yesterday. Target recently signed a lease for 135,000 square feet and will serve as an anchor along with Home Depot, said David Blumenfeld, a vice president of Blumenfeld Development Group of Syosset, which is building East River Plaza with Forest City Ratner. Target already has six stores in the city, with two more under construction. The shopping center is scheduled to open in 2008, Mr. Blumenfeld said.A reinterpretation of the province’s 1977 language law has led to stricter rules on company signs not rendered in French and to a lawsuit by six American retailers.Townsend Farms of Oregon said a frozen berry blend sold in Costco and Harris Teeter stores had been linked to a seven-state outbreak.Tired of waiting for federal regulators to act, Costco and Beef Products Inc. are requiring broader testing for more strains of the bacteria in their food.Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday:An undercover investigation by the Humane Society found unsanitary and “inhumane” conditions at a Gettysburg, Pa., farm that supplies eggs to Costco.